what is the name of the vine?
how many years in 5 seconds?
how many years in 5 seconds?
how long is the tweet?
who removed the aircraft from service?
what is the aircraft removed from service for?
what is candyce crying about?
what is the movie about?
what does perrieele give perrieele?
who is back?
when is the evacuation scheduled to be completed?
how many people have been evacuated from aleppo?
who is zach lowe?
what is zach lowe implying?
what virus is being discussed?
when did the person not get sick?
how many people are in the us?
how many prisons does the united states have?
where are the agents from portland sent?
where are the agents from?
who is chris cillizza of?
what does moron hate?
who had to use sideburns, a mullet and a taxi cab
what did jeff gordon use for test drive 2?
what is the tweet not visible?
what is the tweet not visible?
what show did donald trump watch last night?
who watched parts of nbcsnl Saturday night live?
where is it in america?
what is the grandfather doing in south carolina?
who could easily solve this problem?
where did loe and kate meet?
where did they fall in love?
where did the fans attend the defeat?
what was offered to the fans who attended the defeat at seattle?
who is the tweet from?
how many portraits are there?
what is the white house?
what is a shame?
what are the croatian police waiting for?
where is the border?
who does lost lettermen wish they had something poignant to say about?
who did the apology say took offense?
what did the apology say?
why did the apology express regret?
who does farrah franklin hate?
what kind of media does farrah hate?
what has atletico lost?
who is falling behind improving rivals?
who is standing in defence of immigrants?
what are the durbanites standing in defence of?
where is the world hickory championship being held?
where is the world hickory championship being supported?
what is hitting john d. sutter's face like snow?
what is the tulip seeds hitting john's face like?
where was the treasure hunter arrested?
who arrested the fugitive treasure hunter?
what was a great honor until you showed up?
where was a great honor until you showed up?
how long ago did clem bessade tweet about bring back our girls?
what hashtag is being used?
who should boycott the oscars?
what is chris rock boycotting?
who is the tweeter referring to?
who is the lb who is accused of alleged comments?
what does anomaly rho esq want her mama to
who died?
what happened to paul walker?
what movie is mary j. blige saddened by?
what happened to paul walker?
what is paul walker's personality?
what does capoeira MMA want to know about people praying?
who is asking if people are praying every day?
what does joseph o'brien need?
what did the australian horse see coming towards him?
who is donald trump asking what he can do to help?
where is donald trump from?
who died this morning?
who was roger rees?
what is the future of?
what will be brought back?
what are you consigning?
who is consigning kkk jokes?
who directed this biopic?
what is the name of the biopic?
what should eva g l do?
who is eva gl upset with?
who is senator rand paul agreeing with?
who did donald trump say had reported incidental contacts with?
who is delighted by the news?
who is expecting a baby?
what does jimmy think of the story?
what newspaper is the story from?
who is the black man?
what number of guns does a black man have?
who will be missed?
what is potus doing?
what might happen to angela lansbury?
who was artie langle sorry to hear about?
who is artie langle sorry to hear about?
who is angry that so many obama democrats voted for donal
what is the democrats angry about?
how long did lz granderson report?
what did lz granderson believe pOTUS won?
what show is jon stewart a long-time host of?
what league is this article in?
what group is the final standings for?
how late is the final standings for group b?
what group is the final standings for?
what did everyone want?
who got married yesterday?
what happened yesterday?
where is the pope?
how many photos has chris denshuick been in?
who made a huge impact everywhere?
what does he think of jacob lescenskii?
who is standing up with her slurpee up?
what is beyonce standing with?
what website is being discussed?
how much chance does king james return to cavs?
what did people fleeing do?
where did people fleeing intensified fighting in mosul head?
where is the team working?
how many dead bodies were received?
what does ryan broderick want to kill katy?
who is ryan broderick asking to kill?
who is zahir's mother waiting to see?
what does zahir's mother give to the girls?
what does zahir's mother wait for?
what are they delighted to confirm?
how can you get to know the new owners and management team?
who is the new owner of the car?
why does donald trump not know why?
who does donald trump feel sorry for?
who will not attend the inauguration of donald trump?
who does yvette d. clarke insult?
who is being attacked?
why are attacks on potus ridiculous?
what does rand paul want to do?
how much time does rand paul want to spend voting in the senate?
why did the khans thank the nc in phl?
who did suhaib webb say he was grateful for?
what does marty hope to show drake?
where is drake coming to?
who is the tweet about?
what has the tweet been doing for too long?
who can nba nba cousins do a little
who can do a little bit of everything for the sacramento king
who is dr. trump tweeting about?
what is iran doing?
what is tsarnaev reading?
who is granit xhaka confident will beat honduras?
who will switzerland beat?
how many nations are out of the world cup?
what team is out of the world cup?
who broke down talking about their loved ones during the orlando's pulse nightclub
where did wilmariel and jason meet?
who is chester bennington praying for?
who was a legend?
what did pepe reina and xabi alonso enjoy the solar eclipse with
what kind of eclipse is being enjoyed?
what does donald trump want to do?
what event is marcia l. fudge not attending?
where will marcia l. fudge be at home?
who will throw out the first pitch?
what is the offer for fans donating animal food/toy?
who is lebron james' favorite player?
what game is lebron james watching?
what year is the house in?
who are the current favorites to pick up the house in 2018?
what religion does jada pinkett smith not belong to?
where has jada pinkett smith prayed?
who is being criticized?
what is the author recommending for people who are judging women?
how far away can multiple devices be recharged?
who approved the first wireless, "power-at-a-distance" charging technology
what does no one prepare you for?
who is gone?
who is elizabeth banks buying tix for?
what movie is elizabeth banks buying her tix for?
what is grace van der waal performing?
who has not spoken to roger in a long time?
what should we ask before bombing syria?
what does a brief bombing campaign make us feel?
where is the winter storm warning going strong?
what is the weather warning for?
who did mya call at a sleepover?
who ran the phone bill up?
who will steal the next deadpool movie?
what movie is domino stealing?
what is the third one trying to tie up?
what is the third one trying to tie up?
who does sadie abood thank for not choosing what they get served?
why did the white house put sanctions in place?
what did the white house put in place to get a diplomatic resolution?
who tried to break racial barriers?
what did the delegates hold up?
what is being discussed at COP22?
where is the climate action being held?
what are the globe and delegates holding up solar lanterns in honor of?
what command is the force operating under?
what are the iraqi forces working on?
who is being talked about?
who is talking about selling their company?
what show did nathan ryan tweet about?
what does beyonce say about the superbowl?
what message does the new pope have?
what does the message of basic human decency translate into?
what message does the new pope have?
what did he do with his friends?
how long is the redstate gathering?
what event is being discussed?
who was the person who passed away?
who is celebrating?
who has everyone seen?
who is the person who lost to grease live?
what awards did beyonce win?
who doesn't know the identity of the creator of the show she's reviewing?
who is the creator of the show?
what did he tweet about the movie?
who was the protester?
what did the protester give the cop?
why was he inspired by ijesse williams speech?
who was he inspired by?
who is going to ask you a very important question tomorrow morning?
who is going to ask you a very important question tomorrow morning?
when is jonathan going to ask you all a very important question?
what is madeone of the pioneers?
what did joan nethea say was the reason for her tweet?
what year is the snow blitz?
where is the snow blitz?
who must become the next president of the united states?
where is hillary clinton?
who got married?
where did david burtka and neil harris get married?
what did david burtka and neil do over the weekend?
where did david burtka and neil harris get married?
what team is phillips trading from?
what will cin pay?
where did dale bumps die?
when was what3words posted?
how many words are used to address favelas?
what does mia farrow think the obamas represent?
who is mia farrow going to miss?
why is cmoore asking you to watch her turn?
what website is this turn of little cmoore?
what time of day does the crickets think it is?
what did the crickets do during the solar eclipse?
who totally fabricated what donald trump said to the wife of a soldier
who is all the people looking funny in the light?
where are all the people looking funny?
what was one of the greatest honors he's had as an athlete?
who was matt saddened by?
what is not in guac?
what does president obama respect?
who is laverne cox sending love to?
what does laverne cox need to get ready for?
when was the person rescued?
where was the person rescued?
where is the secret menu?
where is the secret menu?
where is the secret menu?
when did the secret menu at mcdonald's UK come out?
what does the tweeter think?
what does mcdonalds uk not exist?
where is the secret menu?
what is being disagreed about?
who are more nuanced?
what is the reason for pools being blue?
who is comparing the finale of true blood to the finale of true blood?
what series finale was horrible?
where did big bird and baby bear go?
who has been to museum modern art before?
who is dylan waiting for?
what has gwen stefani done to?
who has done a face smear?
who asked about the restaurant receipt thing?
what did lesean mccoy ask about?
who has millions suffered?
how long is the clock still at?
what is rachel bronson's job?
what is part of the agenda to ban all abortion?
what is the reason for 20 week abortion bans?
what did trish do to her baby?
what did trish keep her baby for?
who is the observant westworld visitor?
who holds a gun to head?
what is not food?
who says cheese dust is not food?
what is the difference between comparing and reminding?
what does apple remind seth of?
who did serge ibaka lift over?
who was serge ibaka returning to?
who organized the protest in union square?
where is the protest?
what will happen to those who believe in justice and dignity?
why is he arriving in surabaya?
where is nisa going home?
what is makada a little?
what will iphones have?
where is the match being played?
what advantage did errol cnn think it was?
where did errol cnn win the match?
what does this feel like?
where does this feel like a stair master?
what does he think of the stairs?
who played a key role in the super bowl run?
who played backup quarterbacks in the super bowl run?
who is the person who ignored barricade?
how many cops pounce on the protester?
who brought in the immigrants?
how long have they been in our country?
what has been accomplished?
what program is bigelow aerospace involved in?
who is the author of the tweet?
who is the author of the tweet?
what have they communicated this on?
who is the subject of the tweet?
who did narendra modi talk with earlier in the evening?
what did nawaz sharif share?
what did mariah carey do in high school?
who was nicknamed "mirage" in high school?
who ended hopes of the neutrals' favorite team?
who ended hopes of the neutrals' favorite team?
where did rory meet the fresh prince?
who did donald trump go on?
who went on jimmy fallon?
who will accept the nomination?
who will accept the nomination?
what should lena do to see hillary clinton accept the nomination?
what will lena dunham be doing?
who is john d. sutter hoping to meet?
what is the man doing?
who is asking for barricade to be removed?
who does emma watson greet?
what did the tweeter feel when watching american horror story?
what does he hope someone gets to the bottom of?
what does he hope someone gets to the bottom of?
what might people be more outraged by?
why would people be more outraged?
what is the boat equivalent weight?
who is trying to make all the gear fit?
what is jo ready for?
what does jo carry in the backseat of his car?
who is sending love to julian louis-dreyfus?
who is sending love to?
what happened to the people in vegas?
where is the event being held?
who left prince philip alone?
what did prince philip let us put a picture of his wife on?
who had the wrong team?
what does kraft say many jump to conclusions about?
what does kraft expect if no wrongdoing is found?
what award did cristiano win?
how many times has cristiano won the ballon d'or?
what region is jan egeland visiting?
what region is jan egeland visiting?
what is robin williams doing?
where is the super eagles training session?
why is the super eagles flying from porto alegre?
what kind of attacks are being attacked?
who is jeb bush tweeting about?
who is the real benghazi?
what is benghazi?
who stopped chris rock?
what did the cops stop him by?
what did the cops stop him by?
who stopped chris rock?
what does covfefe detest?
what symbol is nearly shaped like?
what is the definition of being in the travel industry?
what are destinations not?
who is mac mourning?
why is mac miller drinking a dr pepper?
what did everyone who used speakamerica oppose?
who is the country of?
what was shonda rhimes doing?
what day was the worst day of the entire week?
what show did stephen at home miss?
what did bobby jindal do last night?
what did he do with the stick?
what did henrik sedin give to a young canucks fan?
who was hit by a puck?
why did trump shove montenegro pm?
who is trump allegedly shoveling?
what is the only choice for your future?
how many choices are there for romney?
who is the only choice for your future?
who is the only choice for your future?
who is the only choice for your future?
who is the only choice for your future?
what does luis figo want to give back?
who announced his candidacy for the fifa presidency?
what awards did trump watch tonight?
who is patti lupone tweeting to?
what is germany doing?
what country does senorrin hatch think welcomes the best and bright
who is looking forward to getting a more detailed explanation regarding the president's comments?
who didn't even perform tonight?
who didn't even perform tonight?
who tampered with footballs?
who does robert kraft expect an apology from?
who is rebecca nicks tweeting about patriots tamper
what does robert kraft expect from the nfl?
what is getting more violent in kenting?
where is the super typhoon?
what country is trump supporting?
what kind of support does trump thank trump for?
what is being taken off the table?
what can negotiators do now?
what holiday is bryce dwight wishing for?
who has taught, respected, included, loved and lifted bryce?
how many kids are at the airport?
what is joel trying to do?
what did stephen fry hope for?
how is stephen fry feeling?
who says he's gay because he watches ru paul's drag
what does the kid think he is?
what makes it feel even hotter?
what temperature is it?
where did hamilton scream?
who screamed "here we go yo, here we go 
who committed to heat?
who is a teammate?
what is happening to google glass?
what is being retooled?
who posed with his cromo de panini?
what is trying to kill me?
what is the american horror story trying to do?
what is the american horror story trying to do?
who is the host of manutd?
when will lfc host manutd at anfield?
where is manutd playing?
who is the host of manutd at anfield?
when will lfc host manutd at anfield?
where did the air show crash occur?
what crash happened?
where were civilians evacuated?
who is moving in?
who is the person who wants everybody to sign up to tidal?
what does hov need to do if he wants everybody to sign up to t
who is the video for milf money?
what is fergie's video for?
who is sherrod brown's mentor?
who is sherrod brown's friend?
who is a dog who wrongfully comments on donald trump?
why is it necessary to comment on ariannahuff?
what has been done within durant's inner circle?
how did durant ride the endorsement wave of change?
what is the rnc forced to do?
what is the attack about?
what does the rnc delete?
what is in the water?
how much rainfall did phoenix have in the past 7 hours?
how many inches of rainfall did phoenix have in just the past 7 hours?
when could lebron's meeting with pat riley take place?
where is lebron's meeting with pat riley going to take place?
how long has he been locked inside the bookstore?
where is dwill locked in?
where did the robot land?
who ran in the olympics?
what did the man have?
who is jada pinkett smith celebrating birthday?
what does jada pinkett smith say pac is cradled in her
what is the author's opinion about thomas hitzlsperger?
who is thomas hitzlsperger?
who is jedezal's fan?
what is kevin hynson's opinion of jdeezal
who is jedezal's fan?
what is jdeezal's new tattoo?
what did john boyega not see?
what does the lakers game deserve?
how much is the shirt being sold for?
what did kendall and kylie put on a tupac shirt
what is sam smith dressed like?
who is the top 10 tweeter in the world?
what should the issue come with?
who was on the cover of vogue?
who is back together?
what are worth waiting for?
why did the national science fdn raise an eyebrow?
what did leonard nimoy do?
what did aaron ekblad sign?
who signed aaron ekblad's first hockey contract?
what was dragged through emotional ambiguity?
what should you have?
why is snow miser angry?
what is snow miser's relationship to dallas?
who did cs nkaisserry and ps ambjuma
where did the evacuated passengers have lunch?
where did the evacuated passengers have lunch?
who did cs nkaisserry and ps ambjuma
what does the patriots thrive on?
what does greg cosell think of patriots?
what kind of artist is nicki minaj?
what would be nominated for?
why did many people call the stations and dispatch center?
how does phoenix police feel about the support?
who took millions of $'s in special interest money?
what money did jeb bush take?
where is the us embassy located?
what is the image of the us embassy in france?
where are the new 970 police officer positions coming?
how many police officer positions are coming to cpd?
what does matt o'brien like?
when did matthew o'brien tweet about clinton's gold and
what event is the most awkward moment?
what year did the oscars take place?
who is the most awkward moment?
what does ryan parker say about ben bradlee?
who is ryan parker tweeting about?
what does he never monkey with?
who is ryan parker tweeting about?
how does jimberlake feel?
what did jimberlake do?
how old was morgan ali when he died?
who is dead at 74?
who attacked lesdoggg?
what happened to frank victor?
who is steve israel asking to make the interview movie available in dvd?
who is asking for the interview movie to be made available in dvd?
what is it nice to have?
what type of aircraft is being operated by another american airline?
what was the finale last night?
what was jojo doing last night?
what is the album in the top of?
what is joey fatone doing with the album?
who is pregnant again?
how many twins are there?
how long ago did the notorious b.i.g. lose their superstar?
who was the greatest rapper of all time?
how is mara wilson going to be about her relationships?
what is mara wilson going to be about her relationships?
who will threaten shutdown?
what will the dems threaten?
when is the shutdown of the military?
when did he tweet this tweet?
what hashtag is being used?
what is laverne cox taking a stand against?
who is taking a stand against bullying?
who is trying to find an acceptable rationale for comey's firing?
who was one of al yankovic's all-time heroes?
who was one of al yankovic's all-time heroes?
how many goals has lionel messi scored?
who has lionel messi scored 269 goals in la liga games?
who might be one of the greatest minds ever in pop culture?
who might be one of the greatest minds ever in pop culture?
who is the movie being filmed with?
what did dwayne johnson team with apple to do?
who does brooklyn heare love?
who did gwenstefani fire?
what happened to malayan airlines?
where was the last known position?
who can you take a selfie with?
how many presidents are mentioned in the tweet?
what is dean ready to do?
who is ready to go black?
what is growing home doing on instagram?
what is growing home doing lately?
what did keith lamont scott do?
who should release police video of the keith lamont scott shooting?
who is manuela arbelaez tweeting about?
what does manuela arbelaez want to give away on the show?
why are women protesting?
what should the protestors do?
who is johnalyn peluso thanking?
what is johnalyn proud to do?
who is jada pinkett smith thanking for bringing heart and spirit to their
what do the girls learn from the mentors?
what kind of science is being taught?
how will dee treat justin?
who is dee bieber referring to?
what should dan do first?
where were the travelers stranded?
who is rakim kaney?
who is mr. carter thanking?
who is jonah peretti congratulating?
who is jonah peretti congratulating?
who is jonah peretti congratulating?
what was the buzzfeed team celebrating?
what is certainly in the air?
who is a tweeter?
what is real?
who did chrissy teigen love?
where did lebron james and dwyane wade meet?
who is expected to be on a flight back to miami with lebron james
who is the vfw national HQ tweeting about?
what event is being supported?
what are the amazing photos from?
what link is being used?
how did ian poulter feel about his performance today?
who did ian poulter congratulate?
what does the judge say you can't do?
what did the judge say he did at residence?
what awards did bette midler arrive at?
what is bette doing?
how much does she need to be?
how much does she want to get?
what is the tone of the tweet?
who is tracey bellew referring to?
what sports event is being discussed?
how many people are laughing at the super bowl?
what instrument is lady gaga playing?
who is performing bad romance?
what is the agency restoring?
when is the action taking place?
what game did jim mcelwain strike the best surrender cobra pose
who struck the best surrender cobra pose?
who added de11e donne to the dc family?
who did dwyane wade apologize to?
who did dwyane wade apologize to?
where was scottie upshall invited to?
what is the team close to winning?
what happened to david cassidy tonight?
who will miss david cassidy?
what is the dream of japan?
who is the jockey of just a way?
who is the jockey of just a way?
who is going to look nice in the Spurs jersey?
what does hillary clinton want you to do?
who is voting for your conscience?
what is the best way to get amped up for a game in johnstown
what is the best way to get amped up for a game in johnstown
who is the best way to get amped up for a game in johnstown
where is the game being played?
what was controversial?
what magazine does josh levs subscribe to?
what is the situation in nepal?
what is the process of doing?
who did aaron gordon throw an inbound pass off?
who throws an inbound pass off marcus morris' back?
who underlines one of modern feminism's real problems?
when were the real battles fought and won?
who can't believe scenes in kiev?
what can't sergey_bubka believe?
what does the couple worry about?
what happened to the couple?
what color is the hulk tie?
what is sen. murkowski wearing?
who is celebrating x's victory?
what is bill murray celebrating?
what is bill murray celebrating?
who is celebrating x's victory?
what will spicer keep his nose in?
what can spicer not carry?
what is the word "chicago" used for?
why is it not the way to go?
who hacked lesdoggg's site?
what should anyone who hacked lesdoggg's site be doing?
who should be concerned about this crisis?
what happened at the scene?
how much is wes woodland down to?
how much weight is wes woodland down to?
who is getting divorced?
what are gwyneth paltrow and chris martin doing
what did gwyneth paltrow and chris martin 
how long did robyn watch the bachelorette finale?
what is robyn sarah watching?
when will robin van persie be retiring?
when will robin van persie be retired?
who did donald trump want to share with russia?
who did donald trump want to share with?
who did donald trump want to share with?
what is the name of the event?
who was taken too soon?
what did elijah wood thank adam lennie for
what is george auriemma's profession?
who is the only coach in major college or pro sports to win 10 titles?
where is the race going?
who is claude gray sorry to be sorry about?
who won the second term?
how many terms did hassan rouhani win?
who is the celebrity who set the record straight on pregnancy rumors?
what was eva laongoria having?
what is the record straight on?
what was hillary clinton doing?
why did hillary clinton load the van?
what caused the model to be undone?
who was undone by the heat at yeezy?
where is the soberanes fire?
what does speaker ryan think minds will do?
what is the criticism of the roosevelt tax bill?
where is the first state to raise smoking age to 21?
when did hawaii become the first state to raise smoking age to 21?
how can you help the subject of the PSA?
what is the subject of the PSA getting on the comments?
who is in charge of google glass?
who is google's best designer?
what is the lineup called?
what is the lineup called?
who is the head coach of usmnt?
who is the head coach of usmnt?
what is in horrible shape?
who should spend more time fixing and helping his district?
who was fired?
how many hours after the titans fired mike munchak?
what park is mentioned?
what is the radar doing?
who is essentially his entire dating life in one scene?
who drops a chip in her hair?
what two places did officials retrace the ebola patient's foots
what did officials retrace?
what political think pieces are being bombarded with?
when are the political "ideas of march" think pieces going to be bombarded
what does michael moore say about being on the roof of his home?
what did invaders do to the roof of their home?
why did she make this collage?
what show is the collage from?
who is mario testino taking a picture of?
who is the prince of wales?
who is william and harry with?
who is mario testino taking pictures of?
what did rudy giulianiani say police don't ask about?
what was the rnc doing?
who is eric holder referring to?
what does eric holder say there's towards himself and obama
what did the ethiopian airlines squawk about?
what flight squawked for reasons unknown?
what was rance howard?
who was a legend?
who is luis guirda abad thanking for his support
what time is it?
what will be there?
where does charles blow look?
what is the little refugee kid doing?
what did the hungarian police use to disperse migrants?
who spent a few minutes in the penalty box?
why did kadri spend a few minutes in the penalty box?
who set up the projector?
what is the projector playing?
what events did jeb bush urge president potus to unite the country?
what does jeb bush urge potus to do?
what does caleb make his case for?
what does geri horner say about the situation?
what movie is geri horner sorry about?
where did john d. sutter make it to?
where is the boat?
what happened to the team?
who is the team that finished goalless?
how did kwk and janet mock speak in july?
when did kwk and janet mock speak?
what did trump say about the bipartisan dACA deal?
what was presented to donald trump?
what was not properly funded?
what is beyonce doing with beyonce?
what is beyonce missing?
what is adam arron confident all guests will enjoy?
where is the movie going experience?
how much is chelsea hoping to stay connected with this account?
what would chelsea tweet about?
what kind of content did sia want to create?
what is he going to do with taxes?
what is he doing while he's saying he's going to raise our
who used the photo of iraqi pm helping a woman in
where is the photo of the iraqi pmu?
what is the photo of?
where is the photo of the syrian envoy?
what does ibekwe bonaventure want to do in a movie?
where is ibekwe bonaventure going to see genevieve?
what kind of leave is being proposed?
what is sweden proposing?
who is proud of where she came from?
what is mama june proud of?
what should you do if you know of a serial harasser/bully in science
what is the reason for the harassment?
what did sandra bernhard do?
where did diahann carrol open?
what should we do when someone is hurting?
who let the american people down?
who is having a scotch?
who is joe biden's mom putting his "debate participation"
who is the organization that is showing what happens when an organization does not support those tasked
what hashtag is being used to describe the situation?
how many people were uprooted by violence in nigeria?
what is the nation's population?
what is the nation full of?
what band is jennifer hudson singing?
what was the concert?
what did janet mock not write?
who did not choose the portraits/art, headline or write the intro?
who died?
who died?
what is daniel living for?
who is danny champken living for?
when did honda enter the picture?
who did not enter the picture after the fantasy draft?
what did tom petty do through every song?
where did tom petty perform?
who won't take a chance on colin kaepernick?
who is the browns taking a chance on?
who is taking a detox?
what is ruby taking a detox from?
what team is st louis locked on?
who is st louis locked on?
where can so much be done?
what does the machine encourage?
who is the dad?
who is thanking everyone for their best wishes?
what is the name of the tweeter's tweet?
what is the star and heart?
who acts like he really doesn't have his own father?
who is too old to be naked in the photoshoot?
what was the attack on the UN?
what did nick kay condemn?
who is bryan cranston excited to play?
what movie is zordon playing in?
who's stop is being asked to cancel?
why is madi emblem asking for a cancellation of nicky's
who is malala standing in solidarity with?
what is malala calling for action to?
what is rand paul posting?
what type of shorts are being discussed?
what does russia call the nprts of aedah
who is russia calling a fake news?
what is the healthcare coming along?
how will healthcare end?
who is swearing in the new ministers?
what is the new ministers?
how do they look to the future?
who was sworn in?
who does paul george prefer?
when is paul george leaving the pacers?
where did the pacers last play?
what team did pacers last play?
who played on a road trip?
who is the tweeter tweeting about?
what website does lorde think people thought she was lip syncing on?
what does lorde think of the fact that some people thought lorde was lip 
who passed away?
what kind of person did a shy young actor put at ease when he was on 
who auditioned for season 11 of the voicetune?
what season did dranaharpermusic audition for?
who is responding to media reports?
how many debates did hilary clinton represent death row records?
what did hilary clinton not represent?
what game did dre beat before the game?
what is the game before the game?
who can joseph fiennes play?
who can idris play?
what does ron wyden think of the trump budget?
who is seeking contempt citations?
how many wins did michigan win over illinois?
where is the water crisis?
what distracts from solving the flint water crisis?
what do we wear from time to time?
what will christina applegate do if she wants to find her?
who is christina applegate talking to?
what did jim himself do?
what is the name of the song?
who got "swamped"?
what did aaron schwarzenegger get?
how long does congress have to legalize daa?
what does congress need to do?
who is practicing for the super bowl?
where is beyonce practicing for the super bowl?
who has never met a person who didn't get the talk about the cops?
what country is michae from?
what class did miss nebraska skip?
what etiquette class did miss nebraska skip?
who is moon jae-in with?
what event is being discussed?
what is the mood of lorde?
who is lorde?
how does michael mcdonald feel about trump?
what can trump no longer afford?
how did the source feel about the situation?
what website is being suggested to dismiss the suggestion?
where are you "pickin & grinnin" tonight?
who is alan jackson mourning?
what are you doing tonight?
where are you?
what did he think hillary clinton couldn't be?
what is hillary clinton brags about?
who will we miss?
what did oliver sacks speak about?
what is it?
what is it that we've waited for all year?
what website is being used to watch bearcam?
what does the voice hope will inspire, comfort and bring us together?
who stands in unity with all those affected?
who is lj going to?
what website is this red carpet correspondent talking with?
what did pharrell say he was nominated for?
who is the @aacopd asking for inquiries?
who lost the confidence of almost everyone in washington?
what did comey lose?
what is the mayor listening to?
who is a miracle worker?
who looks worse than they did under moyes?
who could leave arsenal this summer?
when could arsene wenger leave arsenal?
who is being investigated?
what will trump be asking for a major investigation into?
what has happened in 2017 for women?
who is the opening monologue of the nbcsnl?
what website is being used to play pacman?
what game is being discussed?
what network is louis asking about his bestie?
what is louis asking about his bestie?
who is louis's bestie?
how long can you go without this happening?
what sport is the minion playing?
what sport is the minion playing?
how often can you go of a soccer game without this happening?
who is the addition of the game of thrones?
what is the name of the movie that ed sheeran is a part of
what did ed sheeran jump?
who is the addition of the game of thrones?
what must you do to get lucky?
who was tweeting?
who helped search and rescue victims?
what did the help do?
how does james van der beek describe him?
who was effortlessly golden?
who was effortlessly golden?
how does james van der beek describe him?
who was effortlessly golden?
what color is rippaul walker?
who does the 6 yo like?
who are u fans?
what has trump had since election?
who is the secretary of homeland security?
what has trump had since election?
who is the secretary of homeland security?
when did si2 take off?
where did si2 take off?
what did john legend read about it?
when did john legend win the olympics?
what would have been a sin?
what does john legend think of the article?
how many people are talking about this?
where is philae stuck?
who couldn't reestablish contact?
what happened to system of a down?
who passed away?
what were the boys killed in?
how many cousins were killed in the strike?
where was the funeral held?
what does caroline wozniacki love?
what is caroline woozniacki thanking for?
what was dave foley going to be named?
what was dave foley going to be named?
what did dave foley agree to?
what bible is bruce jenner forbidden from?
who is logical about bruce jenner?
who is the next president of fifa?
what is luis figo's race to become?
who is michael jackson's character?
who is he posting nudes of?
who is he hacking?
who responded to charles barkley's criticism?
who is lavar ball criticizing?
what should newspapers be more respectful in?
who says newspapers need to be more respectful in depiction of religion?
what happened to eric garner?
what crime did eric garner die from?
who is silencing harris speech?
who is being taken down?
what did taylor see in the preview?
what movie is going to be just like the book?
what caused the church of san benedetto to collapse?
when did the earthquake happen?
what is pac world?
what game is Melanie deziel playing?
where did chelss spend the night?
where was chelss stuck?
why did cruz not renounce his canadian citizenship?
who did not renounce his canadian citizenship?
what was colin kazim-richards found guilty of?
where was colin kazim-richards found guilty of section 5 public
who was found guilty of section 5 public order act?
what was colin kazim-richards found guilty of?
what is the hashtag for this tweet?
who is the name of the marche republicaine?
where is kim kardashian praying for?
how much will kim kardashian donate to redcross and salvation army?
what is information food for?
what does insufficient access impact?
who is during christina guilera's whitney hou
who was p!nk at during the whitney houston tribute?
who was murdered on new orleans?
where was will smith murdered?
what is the product bouncy aisles?
what is tesco introducing?
who fired the black worker?
why was the black worker fired?
what two teams are being played tomorrow?
who does donald trump think may find a way to get there?
why does donald trump think rand paul may find a way to
how many people are being proposed for the 2022 world cup?
what year is the world cup?
when is the 2022 fifa world cup proposed?
when was the 2022 fifa world cup proposed?
when was the 2022 fifa world cup proposed?
when is the world cup to be held?
how many times has she asked "you don't drink do you?"
what is the 97th time she's asked?
what did nick gordon not talk to the cops?
who has nick talked to?
what does nick gordon think is cool?
what will we all miss?
what did william shatner love him like?
what does the pope do?
what process was frank's streamlining?
who is the presiding over the annulment process?
what did philip lord do?
what is philip lord saying?
where did she grow up?
what is she taking here?
who did blakes shelton spend time with?
what does cantor say to the leadership?
who is backslapping the gop leadership?
who has kristaps porzingis, enes kanter,
what does kristaps porzingis need to play?
who is mat whitehead better dressed than?
what was on inside out during sweden?
what does eggy look like?
who is the university of washington committing to?
who is a gay person?
what does j.k. rowling think gay people look like?
why is riley vasquez sitting on a delta flight?
what is the flight throwing us?
what was the post meant to be?
who apologized for the post?
what ethnicity is the post against?
what is true detective?
what did favianna do?
what has never happened to matt damon?
who has never suffered from being openly heterosexual?
who is trump's number one enabler?
what is the reason for calling for pence to replace the nominee?
what did james franco do?
who is violet paley pining?
what does he agree with?
why does james  Blake think it is classy of maria harapova
what hashtag is being used?
what religion is the militia?
when is the show on?
what is ed helms talking about?
what does john peterson want you to do?
who is the tweeter?
when did steve lukather say mike porcaro is at
who is at peace?
what is the problem with humor?
what can no one hold?
who is mariah carey asking for forgiveness?
what can meryl do?
who is ted cruz attacking?
who is not acceptable to attack anyone's spouse or kids?
what does ted cruz say about his family?
when did clinton announce she's running for president?
who broke the mold for late night?
what is letterman's influence seen everywhere?
what is the twister challenge about to do?
what is about to take over?
what is merging into one?
what is the name of the challenge?
who has reactivated the power?
who does the president need to reject?
who needs to clearly and categorically reject white supremacists?
when should we honor people?
who should honor people before they die?
what is the look inspiring?
what is inspiring memes?
who bothers lou dobbs?
what is the tweet about?
what airshow is this?
what is the world's biggest airliner?
what does wayans say we do?
who does damon wayans yunior not negotiate with?
what show is being congratulated?
what was the show one of a kind?
what should everyone do tomorrow?
when is snow day?
who is being warned about snow?
what does rory say about swinging?
who is rary talking to?
who is the leader of the senators?
how many years of o'care disaster must happen?
who is the tweeter tweeting about?
what were the investigators believed to have been in the building?
what is the moment when you realize our life revolves around?
what is the moment when you realize our life revolves around?
what will we piece together?
what will we piece together?
what should not be done?
who did rupert murdoch tell uk's cliver receiving
what is under attack?
what is the tweet not visible?
who is brian moore of?
who is the officer?
how many countries took an historic step to act on climate?
what did 200 countries take an historic step to do?
who lived long and prospered?
who was an inspiration to london?
who will not make/announce his decision tonight?
who is the source of this tweet?
what languages did sylvia cruz memorize a message about her family?
who has memorized a message about her family?
what was scanned into nba 2k15?
who is saddened at the loss of?
what is betty willis's iconic neon designs defined?
what is a good idea?
what should you not get distracted from?
who does sarah bennett think the new brunel jenner looks
who is the new brunel jenner aka?
where does the kc chiefs believe in the power of laughter to end poverty?
what does the chiefs believe in?
what should democrats do to the republicans?
what did donald trump do?
what is going down?
what hashtag is being used to describe the situation?
what is the name of the sorority?
how is the sorority getting more affordable?
who follows donald trump on twitter?
who does ted cruz follow on twitter?
what is mafleen worried about?
where would mafleen prefer not to spend her holiday?
who is the speaker on the plane?
why is netanyahu heading to dc?
what is the name of the person who is tweeting?
what is the first thing you notice about chibi tori?
what is the name of the person who is tweeting?
when was the tweet posted?
how many matches was luis suarez suspended for?
how long was luis suarez banned from football-related activity?
what awards show is being discussed?
when are people leaving the awards show?
who is not our friend?
who took out osama bin Laden?
how long has the us given pakistan aid?
who has given pakistan more than 33 billion dollars in aid?
who is aditikadam sending a package to?
what does aditi kadam want to do?
who did jason demers want to lose tonight?
what does jason demers appreciate?
who gives lucis suarez strength?
what did luis suarez thank for throughout the day?
who has no idea is even in the mix?
who is pratt's writer?
who is rick wilson saying this as?
what is the speech for democrats?
what streaming service is cthagod hoping to watch how to get away with murder
what movie is charlamagne tha god wishing was on netflix
what event has roots in anti white/cop events?
who illuminated the first of the anti-white/cop events?
what does maeve want to come back as?
who does maeve want to come back as?
who is glad his actions weren't in vain?
who is glad his actions weren't in vain?
who would be upset by donald trump's trade deal?
what does donald trump want to negotiate?
where was the poisoning of water?
what water was poisoned?
when did he tweet about the poisoning of flint's water?
what did ravengates09 punch in the face?
who would he throw his savings account at?
who would vpaul alvarez have made the same mistake with?
what does vpaul alvarez still make?
what did the media do to rose mcgowan?
who shamed rose mcgowan?
who is eager to get rid of obamacare?
what is tomi lahren eager to get rid of?
what gender is the person who is being hailed?
what gender is the cdt?
what does ed helms wish were asked?
what type of seats do cup holders exist in?
what did rep al green speak about?
what did rep algreen do after his speech?
who did dimitrov knock out?
who knocked out defending champ murray?
who is honored to share his voice today?
who is adrian grenier thanking for his work with lonely whale?
what is the suspected ebola?
where is the lab located?
where did the kayoola solar bus arrive?
what is the bus made of?
when did the kayoola solar bus arrive at kampala serena?
who pays the price?
what is aint the wheel of fortune?
what has vanished?
what happened to the plane?
what is the reaction to the tweet?
what was joey sigler doing?
what was joey-lynn sigler doing?
what should trump do when not talking weather?
what country is a total mess?
what hymn is being sang?
who was the funeral for?
where is the caravan?
who is plowing up dirt?
what are farmers doing?
where does scotty write the tweet?
what can't pamela woolard believe?
who pierced her daughters ears?
who is the author of the single?
where is the single?
who sent the pic?
what is margot doing?
where is the winter storm spreading?
what has john mccain been blessed to do?
who is a bit player in the story of america?
who is john mccain?